[Music]
we are with days is the time of
you are here
[Music]
we think he's done and our little friend
fell this story is called kaiju looks
to gilbert
[Music]
She is alive
i
[Music]
he loved to play hunting
dinosaurs was still more fun
when gilbert played with him
[Music]
the time to snack
or footman you've been doing when
with investments save him from linen wise
bad or if you have to be very brave
to go hunting dinosaurs
[Music]
to play
tell me tell me
[Music]
two
and I was upset he had told
Gilbert did not move from there but
Gilbert had not heard him
I'm sorry it's not here because my room
where you talk about yourself
I need encourage to play
do not
If you want me a very lean cat and I
I was getting very angry with gilbert
where could he have hidden
what happens that I can not find
Gilbert had to wait for me at the
lounge but you will not be sleeping in
some of the rooms we will see
we will be detectives, detectives
if we are detectives we should look
tracks tracks a track can be
anything that helps us find
to gilbert so open your eyes
[Music]
and a dinosaur cord control with
the one who had been playing with gilbert
that meant that gilbert was
close is a good son track
[Music]
to
come to this mom I think there's a
room in which we have not looked
silver
another hint, you're a good
detective
finding
good
[Music]